Update README-internal (#149)
pantheon-systems/wordpress-composer-managed: README-internal.md

# Working with the WordPress (Composer Managed) upstream

## "Release" and "non-release" commits

> The composer-managed upstreams (including Drupal (Composer Managed)) have a idiosyncratic concept of "release" or "normal" commits and "non-release" commits. **Release** commits are those that affect files that are ultimately pushed to the `pantheon-upstreams` repository. This includes the everything that makes the base upstream work and _excludes_ any CI-related files, scripts or tests. **Non-release** commits are those that affect files that are not pushed to the `pantheon-upstreams` repository. This includes CI-related files, scripts, tests, and any other files that are not part of the base upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The composer-managed upstreams (including Drupal (Composer Managed)) have a idiosyncratic concept of "release" or "normal" commits and "non-release" commits. **Release** commits are those that affect files that are ultimately pushed to the `pantheon-upstreams` repository. This includes everything that makes the base upstream work and _excludes_ any CI-related files, scripts or tests. **Non-release** commits are those that affect files that are not pushed to the `pantheon-upstreams` repository. This includes CI-related files, scripts, tests, and any other files that are not part of the base upstream.
```

> Because we tend to prefer Squash merges on PRs rather than Merge commits, it is vital to separate interests and not combine _release_ and _non-release_ commits in the same PR. Doing so will lead to portions of the PR being dropped when the deploy script is run, leading to a mismatch between the `pantheon-systems` and `pantheon-upstreams` repositories.

Reviewer: Multiple commits in a single PR that keep the division between release and non-release is allowed and encouraged, *but should not be squash merged*.

This could further be addressed either with a PR template that clarifies a workflow, or a comment out of the existing GH action that comments "Hey I'm going to allow this to happen but don't you dare squash merge"

Reviewer: the comment could get quite noisy on each commit tho , it would have to edit its own comment on subsequent pushes.

Author: Yeah, I will create an issue to extend the Check Commits action to check commits across the PR, too. In the meantime, I can address in the note.

Author: https://github.com/pantheon-systems/wordpress-composer-managed/issues/150

* There is only one CircleCI workflow, [`.circleci/config.yml`](.circleci/config.yml). This workflow runs on merge to `release` and handles the deployment of the new release to the `pantheon-upstreams` repositories. See the `devops` folder for the scripts that are run as part of this workflow.

### GitHub Actions

> * `ci.yml` - This runs the `Lint and Test` job on pull requests. It runs on PHP 8.1-8.3 (Roots Bedrock does not support < PHP 8.1). Playwright tests are run in `playwright.yml` only after `ci.yml` determines that there are no linting issues. Additionally, `ci.yml` adds the commit checking workflow that is normally run on CircleCI to ensure that there are no non-release commits mixed with release commits in a single branch. There are no tests configured in the upstream itself, so while `composer test` is run, it does not actually do anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ci.yml` - This runs the `Lint and Test` job on pull requests. It runs on PHP 8.1-8.3 (Roots Bedrock does not support < PHP 8.1). Playwright tests are run in `playwright.yml` only after `ci.yml` determines that there are no linting issues. Additionally, `ci.yml` adds the commit checking workflow that is normally run on CircleCI to ensure that there are no non-release file changes mixed with release changes in a single commit. There are no tests configured in the upstream itself, so while `composer test` is run, it does not actually do anything.
```
